cd /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF
rm -rf cobwar*.lbr

if test -f COBWARE3.gnt
   then mv COBWARE3.gnt cobware3.gnt
fi
if test -f int/COBWARE3.int
   then mv int/COBWARE3.int int/cobware3.int
fi

cd txt
rm -rf cobwar*.lbr

if test -f COBWARET.gnt
   then mv COBWARET.gnt cobwaret.gnt
fi
library cobwaret.gnt
if test -f int/COBWARET.int
   then cd int
        mv COBWARET.int cobwaret.int
        cd ..
fi
cd int
library cobwaret.int
cd ..
mv int/cobwaret.lbr cobwareu.lbr

library cobwaret.lbr     CWATCH.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWATCH.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBOXD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBOXD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBOXF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBOXF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBOXS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBOXS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCLEA.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCLEA.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWFONT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWFONT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGTCP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGTCP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIAEF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIAEF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWKBDC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWKBDC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWKBST.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWKBST.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLINE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLINE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN0.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN0.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN9.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN9.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENU.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENU.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMOUS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMOUS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWNOTE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWNOTE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWOBJD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWOBJD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPGIR.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPGIR.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPICT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPICT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPROC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPROC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWRAST.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWRAST.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWRCAS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWRCAS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWRCAT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWRCAT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWRKBD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWRKBD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSEND.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSEND.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSTCP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSTCP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSTOP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSTOP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSWAP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSWAP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWTEXT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWTEXT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWUNIX.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWUNIX.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWUSER.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWUSER.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWAST.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWAST.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWCAS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWCAS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWCAT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWCAT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWCST.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWCST.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWIND.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWIND.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWNAT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWNAT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWNCA.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWNCA.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWNCH.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWNCH.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWSCT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWSCT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWXAFX.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWXAFX.int

mv cobwaret.lbr /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF
mv cobwareu.lbr /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF

cd /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF
cd gui
rm -rf cobwar*.lbr

if test -f int/COBWAREG.int
   then cd int
        mv COBWAREG.int cobwareg.int
        cd ..
fi
if test -f COBWAREG.gnt
   then mv COBWAREG.gnt cobwareg.gnt
fi
library cobwareg.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWATCH.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBOXD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBOXF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBOXR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBOXS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCLEA.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOLOR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCURS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWFONT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGTCP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIAEF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWKBBF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWKBDC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWKBST.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLINE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN0.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN9.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENU.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMOUS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWNOTE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPGID.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPGIR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPICT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPROC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRAST.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRCAS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRCAT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRESE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRKBD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSEND.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSPID.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSTCP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSTOP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSWAP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWTEXT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWUNIX.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWUSER.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWAST.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWBMP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWCAS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWCAT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWCST.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWIND.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWNAT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWNCA.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWNCH.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWSCT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWXAFX.gnt
mv cobwareg.lbr /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF

cd /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF

library cobwaret.lbr CALLRB.lbr
library cobwareu.lbr CALLRB.lbr
if test -f COBWARE.gnt
   then mv COBWARE.gnt cobware.gnt
fi
library cobwaret.lbr cobware.gnt
if test -f int/COBWARE.int
   then cd int
        mv COBWARE.int cobware.int
        cd ..
fi
library cobwareu.lbr int/cobware.int
library cobwaret.lbr     COBRASYS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/COBRASYS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CICS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CICS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     COMMAND.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/COMMAND.int
library cobwaret.lbr     COMS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/COMS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CONSOLE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CONSOLE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     COPYF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/COPYF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CURPOS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CURPOS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CW3050.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CW3050.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CW3278.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CW3278.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWACOR.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWACOR.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWACTR.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWACTR.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWACTV.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWACTV.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWAKEY.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWAKEY.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWATTR.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWATTR.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWATTW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWATTW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBIGC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBIGC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBINF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBINF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBMSC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBMSC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBOXC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBOXC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBOXM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBOXM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWBOXW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWBOXW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWNUMC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWNUMC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCHAIN.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCHAIN.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCHEC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCHEC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCICS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCICS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCLOG.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCLOG.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCLOS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCLOS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCODE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCODE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH0.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH0.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH1.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH1.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH2.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH2.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH3.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH3.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH4.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH4.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH5.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH5.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH6.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH6.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH7.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH7.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH8.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH8.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFH9.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFH9.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS0.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS0.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS1.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS1.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS2.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS2.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS3.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS3.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS4.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS4.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS5.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS5.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS6.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS6.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS7.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS7.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS8.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS8.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCOFS9.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCOFS9.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCONF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCONF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCRTS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCRTS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWCTRL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWCTRL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWDBCN.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWDBCN.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWDCEI.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWDCEI.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWDCIC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWDCIC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWDCNP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWDCNP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWDPIS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWDPIS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWDTSE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWDTSE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWECNP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWECNP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEHLP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEHLP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEMSG.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEMSG.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEOL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEOL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEXE2.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEXE2.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEXEC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEXEC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEXIM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEXIM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEXMN.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEXMN.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEXT3.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEXT3.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWEXTE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWEXTE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWFILE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWFILE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWFLOA.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWFLOA.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWFSPW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWFSPW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGETF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGETF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGETK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGETK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGETL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGETL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGETS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGETS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGETU.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGETU.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGTGR.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGTGR.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWGTLD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWGTLD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWHELP.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWHELPFS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWHELP.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWHELPFS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIEOK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIEOK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP1.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP2.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP3.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP4.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP5.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP6.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP7.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP8.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMP9.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMPA.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMPB.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMPC.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMPD.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMPE.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMPF.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMMN.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWIMPR.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP1.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP2.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP3.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP4.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP5.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP6.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP7.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP8.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMP9.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMPA.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMPB.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMPC.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMPD.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMPE.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMPF.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMMN.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWIMPR.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWISAM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWISAM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWJSON.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWJSON.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLABE.gnt
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLANG.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLABE.int
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLANG.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLDAF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLDAF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOAD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOAD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOCK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOCK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOCKS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOCKS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOCKV.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOCKV.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOGD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOGD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOGS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOGS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOGT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOGT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOGO.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOGO.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLOGW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLOGW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLSTC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLSTC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMD5.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMD5.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMAIL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMAIL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN1.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN1.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN2.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN2.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN3.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN3.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN4.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN4.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN5.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN5.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN6.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN6.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN7.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN7.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEN8.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEN8.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENA.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENA.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENB.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENB.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMEND.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMEND.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENG.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENG.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENH.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENH.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENI.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENI.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENJ.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENJ.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENN.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENN.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMENZ.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMENZ.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMO80.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMO80.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWOBJE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWOBJE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMODE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMODE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMOLD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMOLD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMSGW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMSGW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWMSMF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWMSMF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWNAME.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWNAME.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWNEXT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWNEXT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWONOF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWONOF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWORCN.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWORCN.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPACK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPACK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPAGE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPAGE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPASS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPASS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPATH.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPATH.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPERC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPERC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPRTS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPRTS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWQUEUE.gnt CWQUEUEV.gnt     CWQUEUES.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWQUEUE.int int/CWQUEUEV.int int/CWQUEUES.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREAD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREAD.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL0.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL0.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL1.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL1.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL2.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL2.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL3.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL3.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL4.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL4.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL5.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL5.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL6.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL6.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL7.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL7.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL8.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL8.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWREL9.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWREL9.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWRTSW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWRTSW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWLONG.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWLONG.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWRAND.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWRAND.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWRUNI.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWRUNI.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSAVE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSAVE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSCSZ.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSCSZ.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSETF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSETF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSETK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSETK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSETS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSETS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWPGM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWPGM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSPLF.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSPLF.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSQLAT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSQLAT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSQLBT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSQLBT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSQLET.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSQLET.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSQLC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSQLC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSQLT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSQLT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSQLM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSQLM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWSQLS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWSQLS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWTASK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWTASK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWTB27.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWTB27.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWTIME.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWTIME.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWTRIM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWTRIM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWUFOK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWUFOK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWUSERPGM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWUSERPGM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWUTF8.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWUTF8.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWXML.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWXML.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWVARX.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWVARX.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWWAIT.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWWAIT.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWXB7X.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWXB7X.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWXB8X.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWXB8X.int
library cobwaret.lbr     CWXE6X.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/CWXE6X.int
library cobwaret.lbr     DSKRES.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/DSKRES.int
library cobwaret.lbr     DMSMULTI.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/DMSMULTI.int
library cobwaret.lbr     EXCODE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/EXCODE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     EXEC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/EXEC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     EXIST.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/EXIST.int
library cobwaret.lbr     FILENQ.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/FILENQ.int
library cobwaret.lbr     FREE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/FREE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     GETCMD.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/GETCMD.int
if test -f /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobware3.lbr
   then mv -f /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobware3.lbr .
   else library cobware3.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRACOR.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRADAY.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRBOXC.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRBOXF.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRBOXS.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRDATA.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRDCEI.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRDCGC.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRDCIC.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRDIAS.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRDPIS.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRDTSE.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRECGC.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GREMSG.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GREXEC.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GREXTE.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRFILE.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRFINA.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRHELP.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRHORA.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRIAEF.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRIDAT.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRIEOK.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRIMPR.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRISAM.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRLINE.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRLOGW.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRMATA.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRMEN9.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRMOUS.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRNAME.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRREFE.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRSDAY.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRSEND.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRTIME.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRUFOK.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRVARS.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRVDAT.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRWEEK.gnt
        library cobware3.lbr     GRWIND.gnt
fi

if test -f /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobware3u.lbr
   then mv -f /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobware3u.lbr .
   else cd int
        library cobware3.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRACOR.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRADAY.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRBOXC.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRBOXF.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRBOXS.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRDATA.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRDCEI.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRDCGC.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRDCIC.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRDIAS.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRDPIS.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRDTSE.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRECGC.int
        library cobware3.lbr GREMSG.int
        library cobware3.lbr GREXEC.int
        library cobware3.lbr GREXTE.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRFILE.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRFINA.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRHELP.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRHORA.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRIAEF.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRIDAT.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRIEOK.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRIMPR.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRISAM.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRLINE.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRLOGW.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRMATA.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRMEN9.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRMOUS.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRNAME.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRREFE.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRSDAY.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRSEND.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRTIME.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRUFOK.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRVARS.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRVDAT.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRWEEK.int
        library cobware3.lbr GRWIND.int
        cd ..
        mv -f int/cobware3.lbr cobware3u.lbr
fi

library cobwaret.lbr     KBDAVAIL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/KBDAVAIL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     KILL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/KILL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     LOCASE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/LOCASE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     MBKEY.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/MBKEY.int
library cobwaret.lbr     MBFREE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/MBFREE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     ORASQL8.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/ORASQL8.int
library cobwaret.lbr     PRINTS.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/PRINTS.int
library cobwaret.lbr     PRMODE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/PRMODE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     REMOVE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/REMOVE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     RENAM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/RENAM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     RENAME.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/RENAME.int
library cobwaret.lbr     SQLMSG.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/SQLMSG.int
library cobwaret.lbr     UPCASE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/UPCASE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     VERTEC.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/VERTEC.int
library cobwaret.lbr     WINDOW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/WINDOW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDD2000.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDD2000.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDBEEP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDBEEP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDCHEXE.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDCHEXE.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDCOMM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDCOMM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDCLEAR.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDCLEAR.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDDECER.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDDECER.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDDTCON.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDDTCON.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDDTNOW.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDDTNOW.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDEXIST.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDEXIST.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDISPUP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDISPUP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDLINEP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDLINEP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDNMREP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDNMREP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDNUL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDNUL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDPAG2.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDPAG2.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDPAGE2.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDPAGE2.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDREMOV.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDREMOV.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDRENAM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDRENAM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDRUN.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDRUN.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDROCM.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDROCM.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDSETUP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDSETUP.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDSPOOL.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDSPOOL.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDTASK.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDTASK.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDTEACH.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDTEACH.int
library cobwaret.lbr     XSDWAKUP.gnt
library cobwareu.lbr int/XSDWAKUP.int

library cobwareg.lbr CALLRB.lbr
library cobwareg.lbr cobware.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr COBRASYS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CICS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr COMMAND.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr COMS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CONSOLE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr COPYF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CURPOS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CW3050.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CW3278.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWACOR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWACTR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWACTV.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWAKEY.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWATTR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWATTW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBIGC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBINF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBMSC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBOXC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBOXM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWBOXW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWNUMC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCHAIN.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCHEC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCICS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCLOG.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCLOS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCODE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH1.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH3.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH4.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH5.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH6.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH7.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH8.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFH9.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS1.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS3.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS4.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS5.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS6.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS7.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS8.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCOFS9.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCONF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCRTS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWCTRL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWDBCN.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWDCEI.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWDCIC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWDCNP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWDPIS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWDTSE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWECNP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEHLP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEMSG.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEOL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEXE2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEXEC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEXIM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEXMN.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEXT3.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWEXTE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWFILE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWFLOA.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWFSPW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGETF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGETK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGETL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGETS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGETU.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGTGR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWGTLD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWHELP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWHELPFS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIEOK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP1.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP3.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP4.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP5.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP6.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP7.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP8.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMP9.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMPA.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMPB.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMPC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMPD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMPE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMPF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMMN.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWIMPR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWISAM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWJSON.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLABE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLANG.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLDAF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOAD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOCK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOCKS.gnt CWLOCKV.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOGD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOGS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOGT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOGO.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLOGW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLSTC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMD5.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMAIL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN1.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN3.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN4.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN5.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN6.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN7.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEN8.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENA.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENB.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMEND.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENG.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENH.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENI.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENJ.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENN.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMENZ.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMO80.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMODE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMOLD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMSGW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWMSMF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWNAME.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWNEXT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWOBJE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWONOF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWORCN.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPACK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPAGE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPASS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPATH.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPERC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPRTS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWQUEUE.gnt CWQUEUEV.gnt CWQUEUES.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREAD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL0.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL1.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL3.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL4.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL5.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL6.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL7.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL8.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWREL9.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRTSW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWLONG.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRUNI.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWRAND.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSAVE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSCSZ.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSETF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSETK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSETS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSPLF.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSQLAT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSQLBT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSQLET.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSQLC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSQLT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSQLM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWSQLS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWTASK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWTB27.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWTIME.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWTRIM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWUFOK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWPGM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWUSERPGM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWUTF8.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWXML.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWVARX.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWWAIT.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWXB7X.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWXB8X.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr CWXE6X.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr DMSMULTI.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr DSKRES.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr EXCODE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr EXEC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr EXIST.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr FILENQ.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr FREE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr GETCMD.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr KBDAVAIL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr KILL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr LOCASE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr MBKEY.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr MBFREE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr ORASQL8.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr PRINTS.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr PRMODE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr REMOVE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr RENAM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr RENAME.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr SQLMSG.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr UPCASE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr VERTEC.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr WINDOW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDD2000.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDBEEP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDCHEXE.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDCOMM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDCLEAR.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDDECER.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDDTCON.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDDTNOW.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDEXIST.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDISPUP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDLINEP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDNMREP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDNUL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDPAG2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDPAGE2.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDREMOV.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDRENAM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDRUN.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDROCM.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDSETUP.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDSPOOL.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDTASK.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDTEACH.gnt
library cobwareg.lbr XSDWAKUP.gnt

mv -f cobwaret.lbr cobware.lbr
mv -f cobwareg.lbr cobwareG.lbr
chmod 777 cobware*.lbr
mv -f cobware*.lbr /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF

library     CWSQLC.gnt
library int/CWSQLC.int
library     CWSQLC.lbr     CWSQLT.gnt     CWSQLM.gnt      CWORCN.gnt       CWNUMC.gnt       CWLOCKS.gnt
library     CWSQLC.lbr     CWPACK.gnt     CWQUEUE.gnt     CWQUEUEV.gnt     CWTIME.gnt       CWPGM.gnt
library int/CWSQLC.lbr int/CWSQLT.int int/CWSQLM.int  int/CWORCN.int   int/CWNUMC.int   int/CWLOCKS.int int/CWPGM.int
library int/CWSQLC.lbr int/CWPACK.int int/CWQUEUE.int int/CWQUEUEV.int int/CWTIME.int
library     CWSQLC.lbr     CWCLOG.gnt     ORASQL8.gnt     CWODBC.gnt     /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF/txt/CWUNIX.gnt
library int/CWSQLC.lbr int/CWCLOG.int int/ORASQL8.int int/CWODBC.int /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF/txt/int/CWUNIX.int

mv     CWSQLC.lbr /home/root/projetos/internet/download/$MF/CWSQLC-gnt.lbr
mv int/CWSQLC.lbr /home/root/projetos/internet/download/$MF/CWSQLC-int.lbr

cd $COBOLWARE
rm -rf temp cobware.key cobware.fs
cp -f -p /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF/int/CWCAD* cil
cp -f -p /home/root/projetos/cobware/cil$MF/int/CWLIST.int cil
chmod 444 cobware*.lbr
if test -f password.fs
   then rm -f password
   else mv -f password password.fs
fi
rm -f ccierr.log

cp -pf /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobwareu.lbr cobware.lbr
cp -pf /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobware3u.lbr cobware3.lbr
chmod 444 *.lbr
tar -cvf /home/root/projetos/internet/download/cobolware$MF-int.tar *

cp -pf /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobware.lbr cobware.lbr
cp -pf /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobware3.lbr cobware3.lbr
chmod 444 *.lbr
tar -cvf /home/root/projetos/internet/download/cobolware$MF-gnt.tar *

if test "$MF" = "OC"
   then cd /home/root/run/COBware
        ln -sf $COBOLWARE/cobware.lbr .
        ln -sf $COBOLWARE/cobware3.lbr .
        ln -sf /home/root/projetos/install/COBOLware/cil$MF/cobwareG.lbr .
fi
